h1. Keyless Entry

This plugin will generate common user authentication code for your CFWheels application.

h2. Current Features

* Generates basic controllers, models and views to get up and running quickly.
* Provides basic user authentication.
* Provides a sign-up form to allow new user creation.
* Adds methods to your Wheels app to set as filters to require login, etc.
* Hashes passwords so they are not visible in the database

h2. Instructions

Create the db tables

Generate the code

Add these to your routes file
  
  @<cfset addRoute(name="login", pattern="login", controller="sessions", action="new")>
  <cfset addRoute(name="logout", pattern="logout", controller="sessions", action="destroy")>
  <cfset addRoute(name="signup", pattern="signup", controller="users", action="new")>@
  
Filters can be added to controllers, etc.



CREATE TABLE `accounts` (
  `id` int(11) NOT NULL auto_increment,
  `name` varchar(100) NOT NULL,
  `createdAt` datetime default NULL,
  `updatedAt` datetime default NULL,
  PRIMARY KEY  (`id`)
)


CREATE TABLE `users` (
  `id` int(11) NOT NULL auto_increment,
  `accountID` int(11) default NULL,
  `username` varchar(20) collate latin1_general_ci NOT NULL default '',
  `password` varchar(255) collate latin1_general_ci NOT NULL default '',
  `email` varchar(100) collate latin1_general_ci NOT NULL default '',
  `firstName` varchar(50) collate latin1_general_ci NOT NULL default '',
  `lastName` varchar(50) collate latin1_general_ci default NULL,
  `admin` tinyint(1) default '0',
  `lastLogin` int(11) default NULL,
  `createdAt` datetime default NULL,
  `updatedAt` datetime default NULL,
  PRIMARY KEY  (`id`)
) 